- Okay, so we're gonna do
Five Second Rule, and, uh--
- Come on.
Never mind the film.
This is what--this is it, yeah.
- Yeah, all right.
This is what you're here for.
- Yeah.
- [laughs]
- I know, I feel the same way.
- Ricky, name three other uses
for the flap in your underwear.
[laughter]
- Air, fiddling, fun.
- [laughing]
[buzzer sounds]
[bell rings]
[laughter and applause]
- Did you say "air"?
- Yeah.
- Air?
- Get a bit hot...oh.
[both laugh]
- If it's a hot day...
- Yeah.
You're just like...
Phew.
[laughter]
You go over to the fridge...
- All right.
- Ooh.
- Yeah.
All right, air, fiddling, fun.
- Fiddling.
- Okay.
[all laugh]
- All right.
- Okay, Ellen,
name three specific people
you would thank
if you won a Golden Globe award.
- Uh, Ricky Gervais,
uh, my wife, Portia de Rossi,
and, uh, my mother.
[bell rings]
- All right.
First point.
[cheers and applause]
- Okay, Ricky, name three
different emotions you feel
while hosting the Golden Globes.
- Uh, fear, joy, shame.
[bell rings]
[laughter and applause]
- Fear, joy, shame.
- Okay, Ellen, name three things
you do to get ready
for an award show.
- Uh, comb my hair,
put on clothes,
and cologne--
[bell rings]
Perfume.
[laughter]
Comb my hair.
[all laugh]
- Right.
- Okay, Ricky,
name three curse words you're
allowed to say on TV.
- Darn, cockerel,
Dick Cheney.
[bell rings]
- [laughs]
What was the second word?
- Cockerel.
- Well, and I object.
Darn is not a curse word.
- Oh, well, like cockerel is?
[both laugh]
- I don't know what that is.
Your British,
so I just accept it.
- Ellen, name three actors
you would want to sit with
at the Globes.
- Uh, Leo, and, uh...
and Ricky, and you.
[buzzer sounds]
[bell rings]
- [laughing]
- No? Not accepted?
- No.
- Not accepted.
Okay.
- Okay, Ricky, the Golden Globe
statue is round.
Name three other things
that are round.
- The Earth, um, my balls.
[bell rings]
[laughter and applause]
- Oh.
[laughs]
- Oh--oh, no, Andy,
we're not done.
[both laughing]
We can't end on that.
- What's the score?
What's the score?
- It's three to two.
You're ahead.
All right, let me
at least try to tie it.
both: Okay.
- Ellen, "Joy" is nominated
for Best Motion Picture.
Name three things
that bring you joy.
- Um, what he just said,
um, animals and Portia.
[bell dings]
- Whoo.